Design goals:
---------------

Our strategy is to use use COTS I2C devices to reduce cost and simplify production/testing
Must not interfere with regular board operation (other than button activity, ppc shutdown and optional fault shutdown)

Requirements:
-----------------

* Power state and ATX Power button behaviour

The board shall have two power states: OFF and ON. In the OFF power state all power management circuitry will run off the 
ATX auxiliary power. A 100 ms press on the power button when in the OFF state must power the board on. A three second press
of the power button when in the ON state must power the board off. A brief press of the power button should trigger an interrupt
to the board's control processor in order for it to perform an orderly shutdown. The control processor should be able to set the
power state from ON to OFF. Further it must be possible to change the state to OFF when a system health FAULT occurs. This feature
must be optionally disable via a easily accessible jumper.

* Reset Switch

Pressing the reset switch must turn the power of the board off for the duration that the button is pressed. De-bouncing and
pulse extension should be applied to this reset. The board power should return to the previous state after the button is released.

* System health monitoring

System health monitoring involving the monitoring of fanspeeds, power supplies and temperatures
with the goal providing information as to the health of the board to the control processor on the board.

Specifically, the following points must be monitored:
All power supply outputs; either by sampling the output voltage or by inspecting logical power-good signals
Fan speeds of the FPGA and chassis; possibly up to 2 others to cater for further fans such as ADCs
Temperatures of the FPGA, CPU and ambient; possibly two ambient temperatures placed at air inlet and outlet points  

* Power/Current Monitoring
Power/Current monitoring is desirable to analyse the power utilization and, possibly, to help with fault detection.
Current sensing will be included for all ATX power inputs to establish total power utilization 
Current sensing will be placed on the FPGA core voltage, from which most power is expected to be drawn
Current sensing may be placed on other major supplies to provide more information regarding power utilization

* Fault Detection
It should be possible to set threshold values with which all monitored values will be compared against. When a threshold
is exceeded a fault signal shall be asserted. This should drive an led on both the board and the front panel. Further, this should
be tied to a CPU interrupt to indicate to control software that a fault has occurred. As mentioned earlier, this signal should cause
an immediate system shutdown, provided this option is enabled via a jumper.

* Fault Logging
It must be possible to access the specific cause of a FAULT from the CPU.

* Access to Power management information in the OFF state
It must be possible to access the FAULT and power management information when the board is in the OFF state without opening the chassis.
This could be achieved using an USB to I2C interface via an FTDI device.

-------------------------------------
           Parts of interest:
-------------------------------------


Push button monitor: (1.75$)
-----------------------------

LTC2950-1/LTC2950-2

* Configurable switch on/off time
* Alert/IRQ on activity
* External Shutdown force

This seems perfect.

Fan monitor: (2.75$)
-----------------------------

LTC1840

Monitors/controls 2 x fans
faults logging


----------------------
MAX16071

monitors 14 supplies
fault logging
GPIOs


